a) The equivalent of a product owner in a non-agile project is an on-site customer. Another equiavlent role is a business analyst that specialized in gathering product requirements. The role of a product 
   owner is to manage the product backlog. One of the central responsibilites of a product owner is to maximize the value of the product that results from the scrum team's efforts. The product owner also   
   develops the stories in the product backlog to reflect project goals, communicates project goals, and makes sure that the product backlog is transparent and visible.
b) The role of a scrum master is to help members of a team understand and practice the theory of Scrum. More responsibilites include coaching teams and group, helping leaders come to conclusions on their own,
   and improve the team so that the team works together to create value on an ongoing basis. A scum master differs from a prodct owner in the sense that the product owner is responsible only for the product 
   and the story items in the product backlog. Whereas, a scrum master interacts with the whole team to ensure that the team works effectively to create value and delivers the product on time. 
c) The three types of meetings that happen during a sprint cycle are sprint planning meeting, scrum meeting, and scrum retrospective meeting. In sprint planning meeting, scrum teams gather together to plan 
   tasks for the upcoming sprint. They also estimate the amount of effort and time required to complete the work items in the sprint in a sprint planning meetring. A sprint meeting is held almost daily  
   during a sprint. In this meeting, the whole team gathers together to discuss the progress of the project and what is planned ahead. Lastly, in a sprint retrospective meeting, the whole team gathers 
   together to look back on the tasks completed in the sprint. The team also assess the highs and lows of the sprint and determines how to improve sprints in the future. 
d) An epic in Jira is a general category of work in a project. It captures stories to be completed as part of a larger goal of the project. A story in Jira is a basic untit of work. It is a project 
   requirement that needs to be completed as part of the goal of an epic. A bug in Jira is software defect that needs to be resolved before the project can be shipped to production. A task in Jira represents 
   generic work that needs to be completed. The use of a task may depend on the organization. A task may not necessarily correspond to an epic or story.
